Add snippet setup for SPO extension solution and update README (#1358)
microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS: SPO/README.md

## Set up Application Insights 
1. Follow [SPFx Extensions instruction](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/extensions/get-started/build-a-hello-world-extension) to create a SharePoint Framework Extension.

> 2. Add Application Insights to your extension solution. **There are 2 ways to do this.**

Reviewer: In our official docs, we add a Note about why you would use each method. 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/javascript#adding-the-javascript-sdk
Does this apply to SPFx too? Are there any differences?

Author: I think one difference is we can't control when extension gets loaded in SP site. There are many scripts loaded before our SDK like this: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20292261/91897699-85d32400-ec4f-11ea-829f-515e19156ec8.png)
The second thing I can think of is since SPFx extension is an extra step for users to setup AppInsights for SP, if they choose snippet, they don't need to update the AI dependency versions and [update the extension solution](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/spfx/extensions/get-started/hosting-extension-from-office365-cdn#update-your-solution-project-for-the-cdn-urls) bundle every time our SDK updates.

I can't think of other differences, @MSNev do you have more to add? 😬

Reviewer: @xiao-lix So basically it's this?
NPM = more stability
Snippet = latest features

> 2. Add Application Insights to your extension solution. **There are 2 ways to do this.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add Application Insights to your extension solution via one of the following two options:
```

>     - Install via [NPM setup](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS#getting-started). Then, [set up an instance of Application Insights in your app.](#npm-setup-ignore-if-using-snippet-setup)

Reviewer: #npm-setup-ignore-if-using-snippet-setup - this link formatting didn't render right for me

Author: This link should work once this PR is merged, the # part is pointing to the Snippet Setup (Ignore if using NPM Setup) section in this README.

>     - [Drop a script tag on the extension head.](#snippet-setup-ignore-if-using-npm-setup)

Reviewer: #snippet-setup-ignore-if-using-npm-setup - this link formatting didn't render right for me

Author: Same as the other link, this # points to the NPM Setup (ignore if using Snippet Setup) in this article.

    ```

    b. Drop a `<script>` tag on your extension head.

    > ***Note:*** You may refer to the main README page [here](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS#snippet-setup-ignore-if-using-npm-setup) for the most updated snippet version. The snippet below is slightly different:
    > 1. Add an extra `\` for all `\*` cases to excape the second `\`.
    > 2. Use `"https://az416426.vo.msecnd.net/scripts/b/ai.2.gbl.min.js"` as the SDK URL source.
    > You can also refer to [Snippet configuration options](https://github.com/Microsoft/ApplicationInsights-JS#snippet-configuration-options) page to add optional configurations for the snippet below.

>     

Author: hi @MSNev I updated to add above Note, does it clear enough to cover your suggestions? thanks~
